Distribution
[Music]
refers to the process of sharing or
delivering your content to specific
destinations or audiences. These
destinations can be different storage
systems as Wasabi and Back Blaze, social
media platforms such as Facebook or
Instagram or other services where your
content can be used or viewed. The
process of connecting to different
platforms depends on the type of
platform you want to connect to. First
go to settings and then select
distribution.
Here you'll see various buttons for the
available platforms. For social media
platforms like Facebook, Instagram or
YouTube, simply click on the respective
button to connect. Cutting Room will
redirect you to a login page where you
can sign in to your account.
Once connected, you'll be able to render
your video and send it directly to the
platform.
You can also connect to both storage
platforms like Wasabi or Back Blaze as
well as integrations like Mimir or
Storyteller. To set these up, go to the
storage or integrations section.
If you're not sure how to do this, check
out our tutorial videos for step-by-step
instructions on connecting to different
platforms. Once connected, head over to
the distribution section where you'll
see the available storage platforms you
can connect. When you click on one of
them, you'll need to give it a name and
optionally choose a folder to link it
to. When you're done, click save and the
storage platform will appear at the
bottom of the distribution list, ready
to receive content.
When you go back to the editor and
render the project, the distribution
point you just created will be visible
there.
You can connect to as many platforms as
you like.
[Music]